the pope speaks beauty train guys with you
another personal video
in this video is a novelty yard
From today I'm doing mine.
videos with a small set of free
the vehicle is watching there, do not govern
new channel is grown bank made the werley
he's thinking and not long ago and
Did you do it for me?
Nice thing is that I really
I wanted and what time will you have to
also copycat of the shameful that is well
Look how much I wanted to say what I wanted
watch because I really liked guessing
interesting very pretty and this on
I really want to bring you with the
channel was dangerous
the video was much more dynamic with this
So it will be legal or post matters and
they are living but it's a good thing
interesting in this personal video about the
new colleague of yuri is the changes in
then I think that the game has changed
enough
It is now no longer only 27 had an edit
is to be less competitive than
People are using it a lot. It 's a
about very good
formerly only 27 the game because it was
so well treated but at the last pet was in the
my opinion the greatest pet of all
cup time and because it has changed
really quite a thing and changed the
game mechanic really now 27
took in the strongest ambition the strongest
he really knows you see that you had
really the best booth biggest bank was
the fm a reason why increased
mainly yields
so you can trade 27 sometimes long
distance is very complicated but this
really changes the game's dynamics very much
because they now usually have a
team playing with 2 to 1 and 2 bal then
It's much better to defend who is inside.
hp to a mere advantage since it is
with sm1 that the priest has very high pace
and it really is very good on the field does
pee in the field ahead
so as I was saying the game has changed
enough
you most currents of opinion technical
hp also who is within the goal
can make plays more easily
with the sub 40,000 in the case
a lot has changed exposing ht changed
also with this way then the position to
extinct the figure of the anchor is more
respected by the end of the game is that
has lied at the time to a person the
team will be on the other side of the map almost
main opposite and I asked
that modifying also has no way of
plus you throw the ball a lot
far by 4 can be done as long as this
your team standing the spanish pep changed
enough is also very excited
many people complaining and saying that the
cetep will get out of rotation do not know what
I have not had much of a major problem yet.
but it 's a strong rumor and we'll see what
It happens, I just hope that in my
opinion was very good
It's the only thing that carries the same was
rafael flat out but rafa balancing
and I quite enjoyed this
cool new release and has more
fun that he already is but basically is
This is how people can see the whole
I now put the appliance on
Monday and human are my days
you may notice that the voice may be
A little strange I do not know why I do not
I'm listening, but you're watching the
video may notice a difference my voice
I'm sorry if I have this way I do not know anymore
The machine is kind of difficult for me.
accustom
I'm eating very little of the boys.
because it really hurts but get to that
ceiling is who has appliances knows how it is
what is the suffering in the first days
but there personal by the presence and I hope
you like this video and and prevents here in
channel from today onwards
They will be in the style of this video right here
folks
basically it binds in all
links and description that I always say
There are important things worth talking about and even
the video itself
O